what's up guys it's the chip in here and
today I'm going to be showing you guys
the six new personalization packs coming
to call of duty black ops 2 these packs
will cost 160 microsoft points it will
be available july twenty third to the
xbox 360 and approximately a month later
to every other platform the pack you
guys are looking at right now is the
all-new aquapac it's one of my favorite
packs out of the bunch it's inspired by
the sea in the sand and has three new
reticles a calling card and new camo as
you guys can tell the camel is a nice
calm blue with orange and white stripes
the calling card is an ocean wave in the
reticles the first one is bubbles the
second one is a whale tail the third
when I believe is a shark's mouth now on
to the next pack we have the call duty
black ops 2 pack a punch pack this pack
is based off the elaborate markings that
go on your gun when you pack a punch
your gun in zombies now in my opinion
this pack is the most elaborate of the
bunch as you guys can see the camel on
your gun is the camel you'd have in
zombies the reversed reticle is a
biohazard sign the second one I'm not
exactly sure and the third reticle looks
like some kind of I flower type thing
and the calling card is just some basic
amount you will design in the background
the next pack we're going to be looking
at today is called the Rogo pack it's
inspired by the corrosion of a
post-apocalyptic industrial wasteland if
you're a modern warfare 2 family camera
on this gun might look a bit familiar
because it's similar to the red tiger
camo but it hits the reticles first
reticle in the second reticle in the
third reticle are fairly simple there's
nothing really special about them the
calling card is some bullets with design
in the background so nothing too crazy
about this pack but it's a nice change
the next pack we're going to be taking a
look at is the breach pack it is my
least favorite of the bunch it has
nothing two distinguishing about it the
package quote-unquote described as a new
take on a quest black ops weapon camo
the camo is so so if you ask me there's
nothing to distinguishing about the
reticles but the calling card is pretty
cool-looking the next pack we're looking
at is the desert coyote pack and I'm not
going to judge it till I see it in game
it's going to be a hit or miss though
they say it's inspired by the terrain of
the American Southwest and I can see
where they're coming from with that the
camo is probably the best thing about
this pack the calling card is ok and the
reticles are okay but other than that
there's nothing special now this next
camo giving a little bit of a given when
I saw it is the glam pack and it is
inspired by the famed fashion line
street of Beverly Hills so in all
honesty looks like a pretty expensive
purse
the camo is pretty cool and the calling
card is pretty cool the reticles are
nothing to be excited about though the
calling card looks like to snap to an
expensive purse or handbag and that's
really about it so I hope you guys
enjoyed the video spin the toes penguin
until tomorrow guys peace I like if you
enjoyed subscribe as well